Why do the two bosses have time to come to our place today?
Who gave you the right to speak to him like this?
He wants you, what are you doing here?
Of course it’s Mr. Lin, he’s here to buy everything.
I let him pick one. Good in the middle.
The name money is his. I'm going to prepare for cooperation.
Lei Zhan, these properties,
God has it covered. Name?
Wait for him to come. Since what's going on with him,
False license late leaf grandfather grandfather grandfather.
What's going on? What's going on?
Not bad. Said we didn’t quite see each other again,
He can actually make the two tallest female protagonists under Tianhai
I'll come over and be polite.
One nightclub Chen Zong
Then there is Xinlan’s realization victory
Damn girl who can't balance
What do you think?
The feeling of being broken is also very good
My rich sisters
Your age doesn't matter
Then what is it about me that was so violently exploded?
You know, I can't bear to be forced.